Update README.md (#6)
UNICT-DMI/ERSU-Bot: README.md

# ERSU-Bot

> A Telegram Bot for UNICT students aided at helping students find informations about ERSU services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Telegram Bot for UNICT students aimed at helping students find information about ERSU services.
```

## How does it work?

> ##Requirements

Reviewer: here is needed a space between `##` and the title, same below

use vscode markdown previewer to get the result immediately.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/519778/196647235-ae208d4c-9da3-4928-bd52-2e69887a594a.png)

-Pip3
-Python3

## docker-compose
```yaml
version: '2'
services:
  ersu-bot:
    container_name:ersubot

>     image: ghcr.io/unict-dmi/ersubot:master

Reviewer: this should be: `ghcr.io/unict-dmi/ersu-bot `

remember that the url is `https://github.com/UNICT-DMI/ERSU-Bot/` so it is unict-dmi/ersu-bot not ersubot

- Go to Telegram and search for @BotFather
- Start it using `/start`
- Create a new bot using the `/newbot`command
- Give it a name and a tag (the tag must end with `bot`)
- Now copy the token it gives you

##Testing with docker compose
To test the bot with docker compose on windows follow these steps:
1) Clone the repository
2) Copy the existing `config/settings.yaml.dist` and rename it into `config/settings.yaml`
3) In `token` add your Telegram bot's token
4) Open terminal on the cloned repository and run ```docker build -t ersubot .``` to build the new image
5) Next run ```docker run -v "/c/Users/your/absolute/path/ERSU-Bot/config/settings.yaml":"/ersubot/config/settings.yaml" ersubot```

To test it with Linux follow the steps above to the point 4):
5) Run ```docker run -v "/home/your/absolute/path/ERSU-Bot/config/settings.yaml":"/ersubot/config/settings.yaml" ersubot```

## Testing live
To test the bot follow these steps:
- Clone this repository
- Create `config/settings.yaml` (or copy the existing `config/settings.yaml.dist` and rename it into `config/settings.yaml`)
- Insert your Telegram Bot Token inside the file

> - Run `main.py` to start the bot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run `$ python main.py` to start the bot
```

> ## Credits

Reviewer: this seems incomplete, put your name as unique developer of this project (for now)
